-Get goin', go on -Get goin', go on
-Take friends along -Take friends along
-Go do it all -Go do it all
We all just gotta unplug
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Just like the way Doug unplugs
Another day, another successful reboot.
Efficient work, Becky Bot!
You too, Doug.
Wow, thanks--
Looks like Doug's battery is low.
My bot, I think you need a charge.
I think we all need a--
Time to head to the recharge room.
And fast.
Okay.
Now we wait here on these recharge pods...
until charge complete!
Our batteries are full again!
Let's get back to work.
Wait! I've got an incoming call.
Doug!
It's Emma!
Brace yourself. I have the most exciting news ever!
Since we're bestest friends,
my parents want to take your family out to dinner at our favorite restaurant!
Really?
Sounds great, Emma.
We're in!
Fantastic!
Meet us tonight, six o'clock, Mega City Restaurant.
Wow, we're gonna have a great time at the restaurant.
And do all the restaurant things.
And make new restaurant friends.
So, what is a restaurant?
I don't restaurant know.
Only one way to find out. I gotta plug in.
Come on in There's seats aplenty
Check the menu We have many
Meals you may or may not know Look, a table near the window
Order up
Kawaii rolls on a sushi train
-Big soufflé at a French café -Yum
Diner waffle The size of a plate
-Taco cocina -Hey, hey, hey
Pass the dish And try the fish
'Cause we're eating out At a restaurant
Order up, up, up, up
Eating out at a restaurant
Yum
So that's what a restaurant is.
Only, I have a big question. What do you do at a restaurant?
Not a problem, my bot. We're highly efficient robots.
We can figure it out.
Let's unplug and go to the restaurant.
Six o'clock. Exactly on time.
We're off to an optimal start.
Wow. I can't believe we're in a real restaurant.
But what do we do at a restaurant?
Well, I see food everywhere I scan.
I guess we should find something to eat.
Bot family, spread out.
I found some food up here!
And there's a whole bunch of food coming out of this window.
This human has a whole plate of food.
Doug. My Doug, Doug, Doug. What are you doing?
Hi, Emma.
We're about to eat at a restaurant like humans do.
Doug, that's not exactly how you eat at a restaurant.
It's not?
You mean we've already made errors?
It's just... This is our first time at a restaurant, Emma.
We don't know what to do.
Bring it on in, Bots.
Look, don't worry.
I've been to a restaurant, like, six times, so I'm basically an expert.
Just watch me and I'll show you how it works.
Pine family, meet the Bot family.
Put her there, Pine family.
How about a hug?
It is such a pleasure to finally meet Doug's parents.
I'm Mr. Pine, but you can call me Laurence.
And I'm Mrs. Pine. But you can call me Monica.
Pleasure to meet you. I'm Bob Bot, but you can call me Bob Bot.
I'm Becky Bot.
And who are these two small humans?
These two roadrunners are Tabatha and Agatha.
Hiya, Bot family!
Hi, Doug's mom and dad.
Now that we've all had the pleasure of meeting, let's get a table!
Welcome to Mega City Restaurant. Is this your entire party?
A party? Here?
Cue the party music, son.
Robots, I like the way you party.
But she really just wants to know if our whole group is here.
Yep, we're all here.
Great. Then follow me.
Wow, so this is our table?
And is that music I hear? Should we dance again?
All right. Here we go, family.
That's quite the move you're doing. Is that the robot?
I don't know, but that is such a good name for it!
Yeah.
I didn't realize restaurants gave you instruments at the table.
Those aren't really instruments, Doug. They're silverware.
We use them to eat.
Yeah. They're, like, tools for eating.
Food tools.
Yup, they're super-duper important.
But before you use your silverware, you put your napkin in your lap.
It's like a mini-blanket that keeps your clothes clean if anything spills.
Family, place your napkins.
It looks like I'm missing my... What did you call it?
A napkin. Don't worry, Bob Bot. We'll tell the server to bring one over.
No need. I found one.
No, wait!
Amazing.
Bob Bot, I didn't know you were a magician.
Neither did I.
Way to go, Dad.
All right, everyone. I think it's time we order some food.
What?
What is this giant book for?
It's a menu. It lets you know about all the different food they have here.
So it's like a book for food?
Books? I read those to Doug when he was little.
Let me give this a try.
Once upon a time, there was a turkey meat loaf
who was served with your choice of potato, soup or mixed seasonal salad...
with club sauce.
Or for diners looking for something sweet, try our big, bold desserts.
Dessert is yummy.
Yay, desserts!
Creamy cheesecake or yummy, yummy fruit salad.
Or, if you're feeling bananas, banana split.
The end.
Wow, I did not see that coming.
Great job, Mom.
I think we're finally figuring this restaurant thing out.
You said it, my bot.
Hi, I'm Brad. I'll be your server this evening.
What can I get you folks to eat?
All right, Bots. It's time to order your food.
I know there's a lot of amazing options, but you gotta pick just one.
Well, according to my sensors, the salmon sounds delicious.
And I will be having the turkey club.
-Meat loaf for me, please. -Spaghetti, please.
-Me too. -Salmon for me.
-Turkey club for me. -Me too!
Sounds great!
I'll be right back with your food in a jiff.
You guys nailed it.
That's a good thing.
So, what do we do now, Emma?
Now comes the hardest part.
Waiting for the food.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Waiting.
Looks like these roadrunners are getting restless.
Time to break out the crayons.
Why do your sisters get crayons?
So they can draw while they wait for the food to come.
What should we do while we wait?
We talk. We can ask each other questions like...
What's your favorite color?
My favorite color?
Computing. Blue!
Me too!
I'd love to learn more about what you all do at Rebots.
Well, we take things that are used or broken
and turn them into something new.
I'll show you with these napkins.
Cool!
-How interesting! -Very!
Look!
It could be a ketchup and mustard holder.
Ketchup and mustard?
Sounds like food.
Wait!
You don't eat them like that. You put 'em on your food.
Your basket actually reminds me of when Emma was little.
She loved to make things too.
Same with Doug.
He made an exact replica of Rebots before he even learned to reboot.
He's quite the bot, your son.
It's so nice they're friends.
Okay, folks, who's ready to eat?
The food's here already? Wow, that went fast.
Yeah. We were having so much fun talking, we stopped calculating the time.
Mom, Dad, we did it.
We ordered the food, we waited, now we're going to eat at a restaurant!
Bring it in. Time for a robot family robot cheer.
Go, robots!
Oh, no. We just dropped the silverware!
We can't eat without it.
Those were our tools.
We cheered too soon.
Doug, why do you look so sad?
Because we can't eat without our silverware.
But aren't you having a great time?
Well, yeah.
We had a great time talking with you.
Yeah, we have a lot in common.
Wait a nanosecond!
So, going to a restaurant is about more than eating food.
It's about getting to know each other better.
That's why I like going to restaurants so much!
Also, we can still eat. We just have to ask for more silverware.
I'm already on it.
So, what do we do now?
Well, Doug, now we dig in!
Dig in, dig in!
Thanks for showing us what to do at a restaurant, Emma.
I learned the best part of eating out
is getting a chance to spend time and talk with the people you care about.
A chance to talk. That gives me an idea!
I'm loving the new setup, Doug.
It's so much nicer to charge and chat.
Since we all had such a nice time talking with each other at the restaurant,
I figured we could do the same thing here in the recharge room.
I can't wait for my grandbots to get here.
Me too.
And look, there's someone coming to the door!
Is it them?
Welcome to Rebots!
Supercharged greeting for the Jen-ster.
Whoops.
-It's not them. -We got the wrong bot.
Was it something I said?
Sorry, Jenny. We're glad to see you.
It's just, we thought you were my grandbots.
They're coming for a visit today and should be here any minute.
I even brought some "happy to see you" confetti!
That sounds robo-tastic!
Make sure to give a big hello to the grandbots from the Jen-ster!
Looks like I've got a call coming through.
Hello, everybotty.
Hi, Grandbot.
We're in the factory waiting for you and...
Wait. Aren't you and Nana supposed to be coming to visit?
Well, you're right, Doug.
And I'm so sorry, but your nana's got a case of the glitches
and needs to stay in for an upgrade today.
And I'm just as sad as an ungreased gear about it.
I was so looking forward to our visit.
Well, take care, you two.
We'll see you another time.
Bye, Grandbot. Bye, Nana.
Feel better!
Sorry. I know you were all really looking forward to seeing Nana and Grandbot.
Nana looks so sad.
I wish there was something we could do to cheer her up.
But Doug, there is!
We should send Nana a pick-me-up!
Pick-me-up? What's a pick-me-up?
You've never heard of a pick-me-up?
Time to give it a plug, Doug.
When I'm feeling down A hug can bring me up
When I'm feeling low Kind words can get me going
Like a note in my lunch box That says, "I think you rock"
Or a walk around the block Or maybe we'll just talk
Yeah, pick me up
Pick me up Yeah
I was feeling sad Until you came along
Now I'm happy Singing this song
I see!
A pick-me-up is a way to cheer someone up
and make them go from sad to happy.
I've gotta unplug and cheer up Nana.
Only, I have one big question.
How can I cheer up Nana?
I got it!
By giving her a card.
Whenever my mom or dad are down,
I give them a card and it cheers them right up.
A card?
I'm not sure we have one of those at Rebots, Emma.
That's why we're gonna make one from scratch, Doug,
using the ancient and powerful art of... crafting.
But isn't it hard to make a card?
Don't worry, Doug. We're on a mission to cheer up Nana.
It's nothing a couple of secret agents can't handle.
Project Pick-Me-Up is a go.
Phase one: make the card.
The first thing we're gonna need to do is find some paper.
I know where we have loads of paper! Come with me.
See?
Doug.
We can't use these to make a card.
They're all used and faded and full of articles
like "Cute Puppies Need a Home"?
Yup, I'm saving that one.
It's okay, Emma.
We're at Rebots, remember?
We can reboot these into whatever we need.
That's it!
We can make this old newspaper into new colorful construction paper.
All right!
Now it looks like a card.
Perfect! Then let's go cheer Nana up with it.
Doug. Not yet.
Phase two: write the message.
Message?
Yeah. You fill it up with words that let Nana know what you love about her.
"Dear Nana, Beep beep boop, beep boop boop beep."
I'm not sure if--
"Beep beep boop"?
That's the sweetest thing I've ever heard.
It's robot for "I love your laugh. I love your smile.
You have a great operating system. You're the best nana in the world."
Doug. That's the perfect robot message.
Phase three: decorate the card.
You mean like with my favorite computer parts?
Or we can decorate the card with things that Nana loves.
Let's see.
Nana's favorite things.
I remember when Nana and I walked around her farm looking at flowers.
She said daisies were her favorite.
We should find a daisy and put it in the card!
Come on. Maybe we can find one outside.
All agents, canvass the yard.
That means spread out and look around.
Code Buttercup in sector seven.
Azalea alert in sector four.
Wait, what did you say Nana's favorite flower was again?
It's a daisy!
Look, I found this one on the ground.
We have the daisy. Repeat, we have the daisy.
Yeah!
Nana may be sad now, but this daisy will cheer her up for sure.
And maybe we could put something else she likes on the front of the card.
You know it!
Time to access your memory banks again, Doug.
Well, after Nana and I looked at flowers, we climbed a hill and looked at the stars.
Nana loves the starry sky!
Only, how can we get a whole starry sky onto this little card?
Doug, that's it! We need some paint.
One starry sky coming up.
Not bad, Doug.
I think this card is really gonna cheer up Nana.
You bet your gears it is!
Now comes phase four: deliver the card.
Great idea, Emma. Let's go to the farm!
Project Pick-Me-Up phase four is a go.
Visual sensors indicate we finally made it to my grandbots' farm.
The card has landed.
All agents prepare to cartwheel happily.
I can't wait to give this to Nana and cheer her up.
Emma, do you know what that is?
That, Doug, is a goat.
And there are two things to always remember about goats.
Number one, they're pretty silly.
And number two...
they love to chew on things!
The goat's got the card!
Look!
I guess there is a third thing to always remember about goats.
They're really hard to catch.
And they keep surprising us.
Doug, that's it!
What if we surprise the goat?
Yeah!
-Yeah! We did it! -Yeah!
No, no, no, no, no!
Doug, look.
The card's ruined!
It'll never cheer up Nana like this.
Well, bust my buttons, it's Doug and Emma.
You came to visit us.
Yeah. Nana seemed so sad.
We wanted to cheer her up. Only...
Isn't that just sweeter than a porch full of pies?
Follow me.
Nana, look who's here to see you.
Hey, Nana.
Doug and Emma!
What a nice surprise!
We knew you were sad because you couldn't visit Rebots,
so we made a card to pick you up.
Only...
it got ruined.
By a goat.
A goat?
Well, what was it supposed to look like?
Well, first we rebooted the paper, and then Doug wrote a message inside.
"Dear Nana, Beep beep boop, beep boop boop beep."
Doug. That's lovely.
And then we found your favorite flower.
It was supposed to be a daisy.
It was so pretty.
A daisy!
The flower your grandbot gave me the day we met.
Yeah, best day of my robo-life.
And then I painted a picture of a starry sky on the front.
And in beautiful blue. My favorite color.
Yeah. Sorry it's all chewed up and slobbery, Nana.
We'll understand if you're still sad.
Doug.
All the thought you kids put into making this card
and coming all the way out here to deliver it?
I feel so loved and cared for.
Doug! Project Pick-Me-Up is a success.
Yeah. And I learned that the real pick-me-up
was letting Nana know how much we love and care for her.
You know, Doug, picking Nana up picked me up too.
Yeah. I'm feeling better myself.
I guess he's feeling picked up too.
Yeah, pick me up
Pick me up Yeah
I was feeling sad Until you came along
Now I'm happy Singing this song